# Documentation for the admin to use the web application:

1. "Home" section:

In this section you will find an overview of all students:

- **Student ID:** Unique student identification number.
- **Last Name:** Surname of the student.
- **First name:** First name of the student.
- **Generated assignments count:** Total number of examples generated by the student.
- **Submitted assignments count:** The total number of examples submitted by the student.
- **Total Points Earned:** The number of points the student earned from all submitted examples.
- Clicking on a specific student will display the third section.

2. "Assigning" section:

Fill in the following fields:

- **Title:** Enter an assignment name for the student. \*This field is mandatory
- **Description:** Provide a detailed description of the assigned task for the student. \*This field is mandatory
- **Exercise set:** Select the appropriate set from which the student should generate 1 example. You can select more than one at a time. \*This field is mandatory
- **Total points** : Specify the maximum possible number of points that the student can get for the generated tasks. \*This field is mandatory
- **Start date** : Set the date when the student is allowed to generate examples to solve.
- **End date:** Set the date when the assigned sets will be closed for students and they will no longer be able to submit their solutions. If the given field is not filled in, the specified sets will be open indefinitely.
- **Students:** Select the students to be assigned to work on the assigned sets. \*This field is mandatory
- **Assign button** : Checks the validity of filled fields. If they are not validly filled in, an error message will be displayed if the data is incorrectly filled out. If they are filled in correctly, it assigns the selected sets to the selected students.

3. Section for a specific student:

In this section you will see the details of the generated and submitted student assignments

The top bar shows the student's data:

- **name and surname of the student**
- **student's email**
- **The number of all assigned tasks**

Below you will see assigned task sets with the following information

- **Name of the task set**
- **Description of the task set**
- **Total number of points for the given sets**
- **Date and time when the sets were assigned**
- **From when until the specified set is active**
- **Assigned task sets:**

Information about the assigned task sets will be displayed:

- **The name of the set**
- If it has not been generated, it will display the information that it has not been generated
- If so, it will display **the number of points obtained / the maximum number of points** and the view button

After clicking the view button , the following will appear:

- **Task set name**
- **Task set description**
- **Number of points obtained / maximum number of points** :
- **Task assignment**
- **Your solution:** Submitted solution to the task.

4. " Users " section

In this section you see a table with all user accounts, and you have option to modify roles for users and delete their accounts.

In the table you see as follow data :

- **User ID**
- **Last name**
- **First name**
- **Email**
- **Role :** The teacher or student
- **Created:** When was account created
- **Action :**
  - After clicking on button with basket icon will delete account.
  - After clicking on button with arrows icon will change account role.